# Testing

## Bugs Found

1. **Profile Element Being Pushed To Left On Large Screens** - *Fix:* Testing showed that the *navbar-expand-lg* bootstrap class was changing the navbar elements to flex on large screens which messed up the profile position. Removing the class fixed the issue.
2. **DataTables Not Resizing Correctly** - *Fix:* Remove *class="col"* attributes from *th* elements in datatables.
3. **Cards Stacking On Top Due To Height Constraint** - *Fix:* Add margin bottom and use calc function to calculate height instead.
4. **Steps Up and Down Buttons Not Behaving Properly On Row Delete** - *Fix:* TBC
5. **Steps Up and Down Buttons Not Being Disabled On Edit Page** - *Fix:* This was due to the fact that the rows were generated by django, not the js script so the script to disable the appropriate buttons wasn't running. I created a document ready function that performed the action again.
6. **Some Users Not Able to Create Jobs** - *Fix:* TBC
7. **Extending User Model To Include Custom Fields Not Saving Correctly** - *Fix:* Create custom save method on the custom all-auth signup form to process fields and create an instance of the *UserProfile* model
8. **Circular Import In Assets Models File Due To Interdependancy of Models** - *Fix:* The *Job* model has a foreign key to the *Assets* model, the *PPM* model has a foreign key relationship to the *Assets* and *Jobs* models. Having the *Assets* model and *PPM* models in the same *models.py* file was giving a circular import due to the relationships between the models. As such I had to segregate the models into two seperate files in the *submodels* directory to prevent the circular import error.
9. **Tables overflowing horizontally in details pages on mobile views** - *Fix:* Add *table-responsive-sm* class to tables
10. **Not Able To Accurately Record Which Jobs Are PPM's** - *Fix:* Change PPM model structure to be a job template.
11. **Repetitive Templating** - *Fix:* Create base templates for different template structures
12. **Unnecessary POST Handlers** - *Fix:* Some views call an instance of a form just to set an initial parameter but get passed to a different view as the POST form handler, as such, having POST handlers on the initial views was unneccessary
13. **No Margin Beneath Buttons On Details Pages** - *Fix:* Add bottom padding to main element
